fabulous 1970 and a half Chevy Camaro SS
RS
split-bumper
this showpiece has just been finished
and Cortez silver paint with the black
stripes
upgraded to four-wheel disc brakes still
riding on my beautiful Chevrolet rally
wheels just powder-coated BFGoodrich
radial tires
the body and the paint on this car are
absolutely show-quality everywhere you
look
beautiful black interior
show-quality - in the car
Hurst shifter force feet
positraction
ss396
front and rear spoilers
great body styles on these cars
all right time to start up for us please
this hard just will
[Music]
look
beautiful door panels
[Music]
beautiful new - in the car automated
gauges
cold air induction system there
[Music]
I'm not sure you need a radio in this
car it makes lots of music itself
fabulous fresh dick block in the car
[Music]
take a look at
right there
powers here
also dress looking like a factory
Ridgeville
[Music]
more horsepower than what's indicated
right
Brett Clark
at least 400 horsepower
we're proud for that
Camero here at Fleming's open the garage
our telephone number 301 eight one six
one pound